README.md, before:

# todoclif

A CLI to tracking your list of pending and no procrastinate anymore

[![oclif](https://img.shields.io/badge/cli-oclif-brightgreen.svg)](https://oclif.io)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/todoclif.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/todoclif)
[![Downloads/week](https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/todoclif.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/todoclif)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/todoclif.svg)](https://github.com/toti1212/todoclif/blob/master/LICENSE)
<!-- toc -->

- [Usage](#usage)
- [Commands](#commands)
  <!-- tocstop -->
 
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/1vZPqGb8ml2iZxUwSo9tFmG30.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/1vZPqGb8ml2iZxUwSo9tFmG30)
 

# Usage


<!-- usage -->

```shell
$ npm install -g todoclif

$ todo COMMAND
running command...

$ todo --help [COMMAND]

USAGE
$ todo COMMAND
...
```

<!-- usagestop -->

# Commands

<!-- commands -->

- [`todo add [ITEM]`](#todo-add-item)
- [`todo clean [FLAG]`](#todo-clean)
- [`todo done [INDEX]`](#todo-done-index)
- [`todo edit [INDEX]`](#todo-edit-index)
- [`todo list [TYPE]`](#todo-list-type)
- [`todo help [COMMAND]`](#todo-help-command)

## `📝 todo add [ITEM]`

Add an item to complete in your todo list

```
USAGE
  $ todo add [ITEM]

ARGUMENTS
  ITEM  Item description

DESCRIPTION
  ...
  Example: todo add "Buy some ☕️ after work"
```

_See code: [src/commands/add.js](https://github.com/toti1212/todoclif/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/add.js)_

## `🧹 todo clean [LIST]`

Clean items list

```
USAGE
  $ todo clean [LIST]

OPTIONS
   a, all   all lists
   d, done  done list
   t, todo  todo list

DESCRIPTION
  ...
   Example: todo clean done
```

_See code: [src/commands/clean.js](https://github.com/toti1212/todoclif/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/clean.js)_

## `✅ todo done [INDEX]`

Mark as done a pending item

```
USAGE
  $ todo done [INDEX]

ARGUMENTS
  INDEX  Todo item identifier

DESCRIPTION
  ...
  Example: todo done 1
```

_See code: [src/commands/done.js](https://github.com/toti1212/todoclif/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/done.js)_

## `✍️ todo edit [INDEX]`

Edit a todo item destription
```
USAGE
  $ todo edit [ITEM ID] "[NEW DESRIPTION]"

ARGUMENTS
  ID    Item ID identifier
  DESC  New description

DESCRIPTION
  ...
  Example: todo edit 1 "The new description 🙈"

ALIASES
  $ todo e
```
_See code: [src/commands/done.js](https://github.com/toti1212/todoclif/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/done.js)_

## `🏷 todo list [TYPE]`

List of pending and done items

```
USAGE
  $ todo list [TYPE]

ARGUMENTS
  TYPE  (pending|done) Items list. You can get pending or done items;
```

_See code: [src/commands/list.js](https://github.com/toti1212/todoclif/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/list.js)_

## `🆘 todo help [COMMAND]`

display help for todo

```
USAGE
  $ todo help [COMMAND]

ARGUMENTS
  COMMAND  command to show help for

OPTIONS
  --all  see all commands in CLI
```

_See code: [@oclif/plugin-help](https://github.com/oclif/plugin-help/blob/v2.1.6/src/commands/help.ts)_

<!-- commandsstop -->

Commit message:

add all arg to done command (#13)
⭐️ add "all" argument to the done command

README.md, after:

# todoclif

A CLI to tracking your list of pending and no procrastinate anymore

[![oclif](https://img.shields.io/badge/cli-oclif-brightgreen.svg)](https://oclif.io)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/todoclif.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/todoclif)
[![Downloads/week](https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/todoclif.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/todoclif)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/todoclif.svg)](https://github.com/toti1212/todoclif/blob/master/LICENSE)
<!-- toc -->

- [Usage](#usage)
- [Commands](#commands)
  <!-- tocstop -->
 
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/1vZPqGb8ml2iZxUwSo9tFmG30.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/1vZPqGb8ml2iZxUwSo9tFmG30)
 

# Usage


<!-- usage -->

```shell
$ npm install -g todoclif

$ todo COMMAND
running command...

$ todo --help [COMMAND]

USAGE
$ todo COMMAND
...
```

<!-- usagestop -->

# Commands

<!-- commands -->

- [`todo add [ITEM]`](#todo-add-item)
- [`todo clean [FLAG]`](#todo-clean)
- [`todo done [INDEX]`](#todo-done-index)
- [`todo edit [INDEX]`](#todo-edit-index)
- [`todo list [TYPE]`](#todo-list-type)
- [`todo help [COMMAND]`](#todo-help-command)

## `📝 todo add [ITEM]`

Add an item to complete in your todo list

```
USAGE
  $ todo add [ITEM]

ARGUMENTS
  ITEM  Item description

DESCRIPTION
  ...
  Example: todo add "Buy some ☕️ after work"
```

_See code: [src/commands/add.js](https://github.com/toti1212/todoclif/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/add.js)_

## `🧹 todo clean [LIST]`

Clean items list

```
USAGE
  $ todo clean [LIST]

OPTIONS
   a, all   all lists
   d, done  done list
   t, todo  todo list

DESCRIPTION
  ...
   Example: todo clean done
```

_See code: [src/commands/clean.js](https://github.com/toti1212/todoclif/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/clean.js)_

## `✅ todo done [INDEX]`

Mark as done a pending item

```
USAGE
  $ todo done [INDEX] | ALL

ARGUMENTS
  INDEX  Todo item identifier
  ALL    Command to mark all items as done
DESCRIPTION
  ...
  Example: todo done 1
           todo done all

```

_See code: [src/commands/done.js](https://github.com/toti1212/todoclif/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/done.js)_


## `✍️ todo edit [INDEX]`

Edit a todo item destription
```
USAGE
  $ todo edit [ITEM ID] "[NEW DESRIPTION]"

ARGUMENTS
  ID    Item ID identifier
  DESC  New description

DESCRIPTION
  ...
  Example: todo edit 1 "The new description 🙈"

ALIASES
  $ todo e
```
_See code: [src/commands/done.js](https://github.com/toti1212/todoclif/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/done.js)_

## `🏷 todo list [TYPE]`

List of pending and done items

```
USAGE
  $ todo list [TYPE]

ARGUMENTS
  TYPE  (pending|done) Items list. You can get pending or done items;
```

_See code: [src/commands/list.js](https://github.com/toti1212/todoclif/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/list.js)_

## `🆘 todo help [COMMAND]`

display help for todo

```
USAGE
  $ todo help [COMMAND]

ARGUMENTS
  COMMAND  command to show help for

OPTIONS
  --all  see all commands in CLI
```

_See code: [@oclif/plugin-help](https://github.com/oclif/plugin-help/blob/v2.1.6/src/commands/help.ts)_

<!-- commandsstop -->
